
SAC Command Reference Manual                                    PLOT1

SUMMARY:
Generates a multi-trace multi-window plot.

SYNTAX:
PLOT1 {ABSOLUTE|RELATIVE},{PERPLOT {ON|OFF|n}} {PRINT {pname} }

INPUT:
      ABSOLUTE  :  Plot files treating time as an absolute.  Files with
          different begin times will be shifted relative to each other.  

      RELATIVE  :  Plot all files relative to their begin time.  

      PERPLOT {ON}  :  Plot n files per frame.  Use old value for n.  

      PERPLOT OFF  :  Plot all files on one frame.  

      PERPLOT n  :  Plot n files per frame.

      PRINT {pname}  :  Prints the resulting plot to the printer named in
           pname, or to the default printer if pname is not used.  (This
           makes use of the SGF capability.)


ALTERNATE FORMS:
PERPLOT ALL has the same meaning as PERPLOT OFF.

DEFAULT VALUES:
PLOT1 ABSOLUTE PERPLOT OFF

DESCRIPTION:
      Each data file shares a common axis in the x direction, but each has a
separate subplot region in the y direction.  The total size of the plot is
determined by the current viewport (see XVPORT and YVPORT.) The size of each
subplot is determined by this viewport and the number of files plotted on
each frame.  The y axis limits for each subplot can be scaled to that data
file's extrema or they can have fixed limits.  See the YLIM command for
details.
      The x axis limits can also be fixed (see XLIM) or scaled to the data.  
There are two types of x axis scaling for this type of plot: relative and 
absolute.  In absolute scaling the x axis limits become the smallest minimum
and the largest maximum for the active memory files. Time differences 
measured between points on different subplots will be correct.  In relative
scaling mode, the x axis will run from zero to the maximum time differential
(i.e., the maximum difference between end time and begin time) for the active
memory files.  Each file will be plotted from the left edge of the plot,
corresponding to zero on the x axis.  The actual value corresponding to this
zero for each file will be given below the name of the file.  This type of
scaling is useful if you are cutting the files relative to some time pick,
say the first arrival time.  It is then easy to see the similarities or
differences between the wave forms of each file.
      An example of this type of plot is given on a following page.  A user
controllable file identification (see FILEID) is generated for each file in
the plot.  Time picks can be displayed (see PICKS).

EXAMPLES:
The following example is from an earthquake in the western U.S. recorded at
the four LLNL DSS stations in Elko, Kanab, Landers, and Mina.  The zero time
(KZDATE and KZTIME) has been set to the event origin time.  The commands used
to generate the plot on the next page are given below:
 
      u: CUT -5 200
 
      u: READ *V
 
      s: ELK.V KNB.V LAC.V MNV.V
 
      u: FILEID LOCATION UL TYPE LIST KSTCMP
 
      u: TITLE 'Regional earthquake:  &1,KZTIME&  &1,KZDATE&'
 
      u: QDP 2000
 
      u: PLOT1
 
Note the use of a UNIX wildcard character in the READ command, the echoing of
the filelist by SAC, the specification of a special file id, and the
evaluation of several header variables to create the title.

ERROR MESSAGES:
1301: No data files read in.


SEE COMMANDS:
XLIM, YLIM, FILEID, PICKS, FILENUMBER

LATEST REVISION:
January 8, 1983 (Version 8.0)
Sample PLOT1 Output
